Add `yodoctor` for backward compatibility (#47)
yeoman/doctor: readme.md

$ yo doctor
```

> Can also be run with `yodoctor` if installed globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can also be run with `yo-doctor` if installed globally.
```
